# Plex Wrapped 
A website and API for collecting Plex user stats within a set timeframe using Tautulli.

## Warning
I made this for fun and I am currently working on perfecting it. All feedback and tips are welcome.

## Instructions
There are multiple settings you must configure! They are all located in <b>config.json</b>.
<br><br>
<b>Tautulli API key</b><br>
API key generated by Tautulli.

<b>Tautulli IP</b><br>
The IP address of the Tautulli server.

<b>Tautulli Port</b><br>
The port for the Tautulli server. Can be left as "".

<b>SSL</b><br>
This is supposed to enable HTTPS support, but it does not function at this time. Leave as false.

<b>Tautulli Root</b><br>
If using reverse proxy with a set root, add it here. Do not add "/" before or after.

<b>Library ID Movies</b><br>
The ID of your movie library in Tautulli. You can find it in the URL when visiting the library on the Tautulli website.

<b>Library ID Shows</b><br>
The ID of your show library in Tautulli. You can find it in the URL when visiting the library on the Tautulli website.

<b>Library ID Movies</b><br>
The id of your movie library in Tautulli. You can find it in the URL when visiting the library on the Tautulli website.

<b>Wrapped Start</b><br>
The beginning of the wrapped time period. Written in Epoch. Conversion can be done here https://www.epochconverter.com/.

<b>Wrapped End</b><br>
The end of the wrapped time period. Written in Epoch. Conversion can be done here https://www.epochconverter.com/.

<b>Get_... Settings</b><br>
Disables or enables different methods in the API. Will probably break the website without reconfiguration.

<b>Tautulli Length</b><br>
The number of items in your Tautulli database. Needed so API knows amount of data to load.

## Need help?
If you contact me I might have time to help you. Or maybe not. If not, many people on several forums (including /r/plex) might be able to assist you.

<b>Goodybye.</b>